And the next section we're going to be building is going to be about us.
And just for a change and just so we know that actually everything is working on just more than one
browser can see or hear to.
Right now our files are open and Mazola right.
So you can try that too if you're using Chrome right now just see that everything is working on both
browsers and or here.
This is what we're going to say we're going to say first you need your mouth.
Someone to saying this is going to be about and I'm going to say section here then I'm going to select
a comment copy and paste the comment in I'm going to say and of about it Item that.
Well the first thing that I would want to do is actually have a section here with an idea of about and
once we have the section now we would want the title now here we can just go here and actually get that
title.
So you're going to say that this is going to be a title and we're just going to copy it out here than
once we're going to go down.
Copy and paste and instead of future projects this is going to be a bolt section.
So we're all going to say about us if we the witness what to say about us and we're here would you want
to do is actually change the font.
Awesome.
So here we're going to say this is going to be user soon this is going to be a new user or you know
once we have this now I would want to actually build the actual About section.
So once the title is over first things first you're going to have a div here with an ID.
So when I say hash tag and this is going to be about.
And this is going to be center like this.
Then we're going to have a two articles so the first one is going to be hard to go.
And so here is our photo.
So this is going to be I.D. with about photo price over here.
Now we have our article out here we're going to have an image again press tab and we're going to have
I'm going to be using a current project image so I'm seeing images here.
And we're going to say worst current project and this and then look for alternative.
Also going right.
This is going to be current current project and you can see that the photo is actually going to be messing
up our view for now right.
Because you can see that this is going to be so big and obviously at the end all right on the finished
version or you can see that.
Well this is going to make it smaller.
So don't worry about this right now it is just by default this big.
Right.
And then out here we're going to write another article and this article is going to be using a query.
You.
Right for security.
Right.
So therefore there is going to be a divide that we're actually going to be using for this.
So this is going to be our to go.
So we're going to say Article Here article and for the article I would want a hash tag and we're going
to say how about text about text press tab over here and now within the article would want the actual
accordion.
So here I'm going to say to Dave and on here we're going to say this is going to be hash tag be an accordion
now.
Obviously the actual idea can be whatever.
Right.
I'm just using the accordion idea because this is going to be what we're going to be getting from documentation.
And it's just going to make a little bit more sense what we're doing.
Right.
So this is going to be our accordion.
And for the accordion we need a heading.
Right.
So here is going to say press here for more info.
Some say press here for more info or here.
And then the next one is going to be the actual div..
So we're all going to say Dave and we're really going to write that this is going to be Warum let's
say 20 right.
First time now we have a text and what we want is actually three of them.
Three of these sets.
All right so Dave including the headings so one two.
Right.
And now we have actually three of them.
And this actually finishes the section about which you now would want to actually go ahead and style
the About section.
So what we can do is say read here and go to Maine say assess and start working with a About section.
So what we're going to say here is we're going to have a we're going to scroll all the way in the bottom
right mean this then or you are going to have some hashtags.
And so we're going to make a comment and then we're going to say about section on this and what we're
going to do or here is we're going to first start with an actual about how it's all going to start over
here with the full section.
And over here what I'm going to say and this is going to be Monheit.
Now before we do that maybe it was about and let's do about four row and right away image right.
Just so we can make it actually smaller so we can see what we're doing.
So I'm going to say with an I'm going to say 100 percent.
I really get this right.
So now you can see that I got way smaller than I'm going to say border radius and I was going to say
20 pixels on this and then I'm going to say a transition transform.
It's all going to say transition and we're going to say transform transform and we're going to say two
seconds each.
And don't worry about this transition right.
We're not going to write it right now.
Right.
We just said it all the properties and values for now for the image.
And so we can see what's happening how we're actually standing here for about we're going to say hash
tag about and you know the first thing we're going to say min height 19 View Heights this.
Then after that we would want a padding.
And I'm going to say batting 40 pixels here and zero.
So just a bottom is going to be 40 pixels.
And then you want a background and all we're here for in the background we're going to say like this
we're going to say background we're going to say you are real and they use the same photo that I use
those here.
All right so here we're going to see images and then this is going to be current project 1.
And so this is going to be the same background nor here we're going to write actually in a shorter version.
Right.
Because there's a shortcut for all the properties and remember how we're dealing with them right.
When we had a background attachment position.
Repeat size and all that right now we can write them actually much more faster by actually writing them
in one line.
And I'm going to make this smaller and just so we can see better.
All right so first I'm going to place a position.
This is going to be center and then we're going to have a size cover.
And the rule is that you need to write the size after position and they need to be separated here by
this world.
Then over here we're going to write a no repeat which is going to start from bagong repeat this and
then we'll have a background attachment fixed and it's all those four things you can basically write
within four words.
Right.
But just remember this that the actual size needs to be after the position and or here what we can do
is we can right away have a clip path.
We used it before so I can say clip I'm going to say path or here and we're going to say polygon we're
going on here and I going to we're going to make some shapes.
All right so here we're going to make these shapes are here like this right.
So this is a little bit higher than this one and this is over here a little bit lower than the side.
So the way we do that we already know we start with 0 2 zeroes.
Then we have a 100 percent on this.
Then we have a 5 percent on this.
And over here again we're going to have a hundred percent.
So this is going to be the x value the Y Y O U X Y U right now it's 100 the y l you start to get lower.
So this is going to be five then out here this is going to be actual hundred hundred here and you can
see what happens right.
So this is how it would look like if you'd have only three dots.
But we have actually for real going to write 0 and we're going to write 95.
So this is how we're going to look like.
Right.
So again these two corners and actually one is higher the other one is going to be or not.
We have a clip path that's actually at a linear gradient.
So here we're going to do again in front in here.
I'm going to say gradient here and we can place right away.
And over here what we do is actually work with this color.
All right.
So I'm going to say we're here hashtag FFC 9 1 4.
Remember that was our yellow color.
Now what I can do over here is I'm going to go with quick headed.
All right so this is going to be a real color and I'm just going to go with G B and what I'm going to
say or here is R G B A and or here we're going to place a comma and we're going to place a zero point.
Let's say three right.
So maybe you know what let's say five or six.
Right.
So what I'm saying is I would want a linear gradient right but I don't want all the time to have a black
one.
All right.
Because we have a choice and we can actually use other colors too.
So what I'm going to say or hand out a copy and paste this are G.P.A. this.
Right now I can see that I have a yellow background right.
So it all depends on a color note here also this depends on opacity.
The higher this number is going to be right.
This is you can see completely yellow.
Now we don't want that let's say this is going to be 0.3 and this is going to be much easier 0.3.
Now once we're done with an actual about what we would want or here right now we would want about Center.
Right.
The idea of actually holding these two things inside here and again we're going to do the same thing
as always we're going to say about what we're going to say center right.
So this is going to be the one that actually has them both right.
So this is the knave and articles are two children.
So we're all going to say about Center and first we're going to have a max.
I'm going to say Max with Max what is going to be 90.
You with us like this.
All right so now I can see that we got the 9 out of this guy.
Now I would want to place it in the center so we're going to say marginata again right now we actually
place them side by side in the center and then once we're actually done with an image.
All right.
We already wrote an image because that will be the next thing.
So let me just cut this one out and paste it over here.
And remember I said through transition and what we would want for and position we would want to scale.
So it actually would zoom out right.
So we're going to say about photo image however you know this and what should happen.
So we're going to say transform and we're going to say scale here zero point eight like this and we're
going to place a semi colon.
So when's it going to happen is that as you can see hovering right and actually it gets smaller and
then all hear from both of them we would want a little bit of margin.
So I'm going to say over here about we're going to say row and over here we're going to say this is
going to be next.
So I'm going to say him about an intercept text right from both of them.
We will do what Jim one just so I'm going to say we're here again and we're going to say 40 pixels here
and 0.
Now since this is all going to be styling once we get the actual J query we're going to go ahead and
actually apply right away.
A rules for responsiveness.
Right.
Because if I say this all here like this I can if I go to my recording and if we show him right you
can see that right now I have one big image right here where my accordion is still not done right.
So first let's add a responsiveness and then we're going to deal with the actual accordion.
We're going to have to get Google CDN and all that.
So let's first acquire responsiveness of this and what we're going to say or here that we would want
a year here and we're going to say screen screen over here and we're going to say and and then all really
going to write like this we're going to say this is going to be men with five 576 or 776 1776.
Then after that we would want a about Center Center.
And over here we're going to say this play I'm going to say flex I want to display flexible going to
suggest the fat content space between here and we're going to have a line content and we're going to
say something.
All right.
So again we can say this.
Let's go back to recordings and let's see what we are right now.
Both of them are actually side by side.
Now what I would want to do is actually go back over here.
We're going to say about a text and we're going to say about I don't want to say photo and so here we're
going to write like this.
All right so both of them once the screen gets bigger and 776 let's say flex 0 0 and 0 0 and this is
going to be Kelk function or here again right.
So this is going to be 50 percent minus.
And again Wanny is that's arbitrary you can use Ousley pixels but it's just for me it's a little bit
easier once you can go in just with one hand right.
And or here on Swissair was a chicken and what we have right.
So here we have both of them right.
But then I would want or hear this accordion about text actually place it in the center.
We already know how to do that.
All right.
So we're going to go back over here about moosic text and this and then we're going to say this is going
to be a online self and we're going to say something like this.
All right.
And before we go have a look.
Let me actually add two more selectors that we're not going to be tackling right now right because like
I said we still need to get that accordion but we're really going to say we're here is class you high.
This is going to be our accordion.
We're here at our Andr and legis have a curly braces no real going out.
A You I don't know where this is going to be accordion and all of this is going to be another class
you high accordion and content.
Right.
And again like I said we're going to be styling them in the next video because then I'm going to be
able to show you where I'm actually getting these correct classes.
Right.
Once we save this remember that we have aligned so Center.
And once we refresh all here right now here you can see that everything is working right.
The only thing left over here to get this accordion and make the accordion start working.